Update api.md to reflect documentation support for 5x10 displays (#70)
arduino-libraries/LiquidCrystal: docs/api.md

#### Syntax

```

> lcd.begin(cols, rows [, charsize[=LCD_5x10DOTS]])

Reviewer: ```suggestion
lcd.begin(cols, rows)
lcd.begin(cols, rows, charsize)
```

In order to make the documentation friendly to beginners, each of the supported syntaxes should be listed. This convention is demonstrated in the constructor's documentation:

https://github.com/arduino-libraries/LiquidCrystal/blob/master/docs/api.md#syntax

Even though the two variants are the result of a default parameter rather than an overload in this case, the distinction is not significant to the user.

Author: Thanks for your guidance! I'm new to OSS contributions :)

rows: the number of rows that the display has

> charsize: the number of dots that the display has (default: LCD_5x8DOTS)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
charsize (optional): the number of dots the display has per character: LCD_5x8DOTS for 5x8, LCD_5x10DOTS for 5x10. (default: LCD_5x8DOTS)
```
- Mark parameter as optional (following the convention from https://github.com/arduino-libraries/LiquidCrystal/blob/master/docs/api.md#parameters-6)
- Specify it is number per character (as opposed to the number for the entire display)
- List valid values (following the convention from https://github.com/arduino-libraries/LiquidCrystal/blob/master/docs/api.md#parameters-6)
